feat: add rss feed (#35)
unjs/website: content/rss.md

---
title: RSS Feeds
description: Get the latest headlines as soon as they are published!
navigation: false
layout: rss-feeds
---

> RSS ('Really Simple Syndication') feeds allow you to see when websites have added new content. Using this, allow you to get the latest headlines from our blog or articles as soon as they are published, without having to visit the website you have taken the feed from.

Author: ```suggestion
RSS ('Really Simple Syndication') feeds allow you to see when websites have added new content. By utilizing this feature, you can access the most recent headlines from our blog or articles immediately upon publication, all without needing to visit the website from which you've sourced the feed.
```
